# Challenge for Day 15

## Write a program that loops

Inside the loop, ask the user what animal sound they want to hear/read.

### Example

```text
What animal do you want? Cow
A cow goes moo.

Do you want to exit? No
What animal do you want? A lesser spotted lemur
Ummm... the Lesser Spotter Lemur goes awooga.

Do you want to exit? Yes
```

> Hint:
> - You will need to start with a while loop
> - Add nested if statements inside the while loop
> - End with `exit` for the user to get out of the loop.

In case you are curious... check out the [Alexa Skill](https://www.amazon.com/Rain-Labs-Animal-Sounds/dp/B01AHGU3M6) David mentioned in the video.

### Alexa's Animal Sounds (description from their official page):

Ask Alexa to make the sounds of your favorite animals. She learns new animal sounds all the time and is doing her best to imitate them. Don't be afraid when you hear her roar like a lion. She probably won't eat you.

HOW DOES IT WORK?
Just ask your Alexa to open the animal sounds skill. Each time you open the skill we will play a random animal sound and then give you the option to hear another animal sound or to play an animal sound guessing game.

You can say…
- Alexa, open Animal Sounds
- Alexa, tell Animal Sounds to play a guessing game
- Alexa, ask Animal Sounds to imitate any animal
- Alexa, tell Animal Sounds imitate a Lion
- Alexa, ask Animal Sounds what animals sounds can you make

Here are a few you should try: baboon, bear, bobcat, cat, cow, coyote, hippopotamus, lemur, lion, spider, monkey, spider monkey, rooster, and many more.

This skill is made for kids and never collects any personal data. If you haven't enabled kid skills on your Amazon account, a parent or guardian will be prompted provided permission to use kid skills when enabling this skill.

WHO BUILT THIS SKILL?
This skill was developed by RAIN's voice innovation team. RAIN helps brands innovate with voice at the intersection of marketing and technology.